README.md, before:

#### BasiliskII
```
macOS     x86_64 JIT / arm64 non-JIT
Linux x86 x86_64 JIT / arm64 non-JIT
MinGW x86        JIT
```
#### SheepShaver
```
macOS     x86_64 JIT / arm64 non-JIT
Linux x86 x86_64 JIT / arm64 non-JIT
MinGW x86        JIT
```
### How To Build
These builds need to be installed SDL2.0.14+ framework/library.

https://www.libsdl.org
#### BasiliskII
##### macOS
preparation:

Download gmp-6.2.1.tar.xz from https://gmplib.org.
```
$ cd ~/Downloads
$ tar xf gmp-6.2.1.tar.xz
$ cd gmp-6.2.1
$ ./configure --disable-shared
$ make
$ make check
$ sudo make install
```
Download mpfr-4.2.0.tar.xz from https://www.mpfr.org.
```
$ cd ~/Downloads
$ tar xf mpfr-4.2.0.tar.xz
$ cd mpfr-4.2.0
$ ./configure --disable-shared
$ make
$ make check
$ sudo make install
```
On an Intel Mac, the libraries should be cross-built.  
Change the `configure` command for both GMP and MPFR as follows, and ignore the `make check` command:
```
$ CFLAGS="-arch arm64" CXXFLAGS="$CFLAGS" ./configure -host=aarch64-apple-darwin --disable-shared 
```
(from https://github.com/kanjitalk755/macemu/pull/96)

about changing Deployment Target:  
If you build with an older version of Xcode, you can change Deployment Target to the minimum it supports or 10.7, whichever is greater.

build:
```
$ cd macemu/BasiliskII/src/MacOSX
$ xcodebuild build -project BasiliskII.xcodeproj -configuration Release
```
or same as Linux

##### Linux
preparation (arm64 only): Install GMP and MPFR.
```
$ cd macemu/BasiliskII/src/Unix
$ ./autogen.sh
$ make
```
##### MinGW32/MSYS2
preparation:
```
$ pacman -S base-devel mingw-w64-i686-toolchain autoconf automake mingw-w64-i686-SDL2 mingw-w64-i686-gtk2
```
build (from a mingw32.exe prompt):
```
$ cd macemu/BasiliskII/src/Windows
$ ../Unix/autogen.sh
$ make
```
#### SheepShaver
##### macOS
about changing Deployment Target: see BasiliskII
```
$ cd macemu/SheepShaver/src/MacOSX
$ xcodebuild build -project SheepShaver_Xcode8.xcodeproj -configuration Release
```
or same as Linux

##### Linux
```
$ cd macemu/SheepShaver/src/Unix
$ ./autogen.sh
$ make
```
For Raspberry Pi:
https://github.com/vaccinemedia/macemu

##### MinGW32/MSYS2
preparation: same as BasiliskII  
  
build (from a mingw32.exe prompt):
```
$ cd macemu/SheepShaver
$ make links
$ cd src/Windows
$ ../Unix/autogen.sh
$ make
```
### Recommended key bindings for gnome
https://github.com/kanjitalk755/macemu/blob/master/SheepShaver/doc/Linux/gnome_keybindings.txt

(from https://github.com/kanjitalk755/macemu/issues/59)

Commit message:

Improve macOS build script and document

README.md, after:

#### BasiliskII
```
macOS     x86_64 JIT / arm64 non-JIT
Linux x86 x86_64 JIT / arm64 non-JIT
MinGW x86        JIT
```
#### SheepShaver
```
macOS     x86_64 JIT / arm64 non-JIT
Linux x86 x86_64 JIT / arm64 non-JIT
MinGW x86        JIT
```

### Quick Build on macOS

Run `build_macemu.sh` to automatically install dependencies with Homebrew,
clone this repository if needed, and build both BasiliskII and SheepShaver.
After running the script, the applications can be found in:

```
BasiliskII/src/MacOSX/build/Release/BasiliskII.app
SheepShaver/src/MacOSX/build/Release/SheepShaver.app
```

### How To Build
These builds need to be installed SDL2.0.14+ framework/library.

https://www.libsdl.org
#### BasiliskII
##### macOS
preparation:

Download gmp-6.2.1.tar.xz from https://gmplib.org.
```
$ cd ~/Downloads
$ tar xf gmp-6.2.1.tar.xz
$ cd gmp-6.2.1
$ ./configure --disable-shared
$ make
$ make check
$ sudo make install
```
Download mpfr-4.2.0.tar.xz from https://www.mpfr.org.
```
$ cd ~/Downloads
$ tar xf mpfr-4.2.0.tar.xz
$ cd mpfr-4.2.0
$ ./configure --disable-shared
$ make
$ make check
$ sudo make install
```
On an Intel Mac, the libraries should be cross-built.  
Change the `configure` command for both GMP and MPFR as follows, and ignore the `make check` command:
```
$ CFLAGS="-arch arm64" CXXFLAGS="$CFLAGS" ./configure -host=aarch64-apple-darwin --disable-shared 
```
(from https://github.com/kanjitalk755/macemu/pull/96)

about changing Deployment Target:  
If you build with an older version of Xcode, you can change Deployment Target to the minimum it supports or 10.7, whichever is greater.

build:
```
$ cd macemu/BasiliskII/src/MacOSX
$ xcodebuild build -project BasiliskII.xcodeproj -configuration Release
```
or same as Linux

##### Linux
preparation (arm64 only): Install GMP and MPFR.
```
$ cd macemu/BasiliskII/src/Unix
$ ./autogen.sh
$ make
```
##### MinGW32/MSYS2
preparation:
```
$ pacman -S base-devel mingw-w64-i686-toolchain autoconf automake mingw-w64-i686-SDL2 mingw-w64-i686-gtk2
```
build (from a mingw32.exe prompt):
```
$ cd macemu/BasiliskII/src/Windows
$ ../Unix/autogen.sh
$ make
```
#### SheepShaver
##### macOS
about changing Deployment Target: see BasiliskII
```
$ cd macemu/SheepShaver/src/MacOSX
$ xcodebuild build -project SheepShaver_Xcode8.xcodeproj -configuration Release
```
or same as Linux

##### Linux
```
$ cd macemu/SheepShaver/src/Unix
$ ./autogen.sh
$ make
```
For Raspberry Pi:
https://github.com/vaccinemedia/macemu

##### MinGW32/MSYS2
preparation: same as BasiliskII  
  
build (from a mingw32.exe prompt):
```
$ cd macemu/SheepShaver
$ make links
$ cd src/Windows
$ ../Unix/autogen.sh
$ make
```
### Recommended key bindings for gnome
https://github.com/kanjitalk755/macemu/blob/master/SheepShaver/doc/Linux/gnome_keybindings.txt

(from https://github.com/kanjitalk755/macemu/issues/59)
